Möte med Vultus

project scope
3 credits
statement: Learning about vultus and mostly about requirements engineering

Vultus says that they will allocate recources to answer our questions. We will be the driving factor in this project, we are also allowed to take decisions within the area and project.
We are going to use slack for communication
Weeklies at Tuesdays 13:00

Questions

Reducing pestdecides, right?

Overview of the project, we’re looking at satalite data from fields, extracting data on where there are pest or desisiedss. Outcome is that we need to detect data. Detect the data ealier than the problem itself occurs. The direct challenge (positive outcome of the project) is to detect the anomelies. This i sscoped down pretty hard (according to Vultus) so it will be easier for us. Anomily detection is very impact´ful

Goals
Vultus interests it will become some type of analasys using existing satellite data, giving data to farmers giving value to farmers.
Goal is to have a structure so we will be able to apply it internationally.

Users
of the system, farmer management systems, in extraction the farmor
farmer user interacts with app webpage whatever
farmer management interacts with API

Already existing
The main part are under development
The conceptual design is together
Fertilizer recomendaten

Stakeholders
Farmer management systems
Farmer (main stakeholder)
Economic devisors (giving advice to the farmer)

VULTUS
Base analasys for satelite data (not anomaly detection)

Farmer in Skåne
get information from the already existing system about the farming
Anomaly detection will cover detecting change in the crop growth

Interaction
Farmer management system will display some kind of module from Vultus
Design perspectevily we will need to display data (within the farmer management system)
farmer management systems (like a CMS for formers) like data covering spendings and what kind of crop you have. This will use the outcome of the system giving information to the farmer.
for example  Gives a “google map” of how the field is doing

Cofigurable Product
Is it possible to scale, customize the product?
As it is now, it is not possible since this is robust and standardised. Vultus are focusing on large scale robustness.


Reliability is important (if the accuracy are good)
Think of the reasoning
false negatives is not fine
false positives are fine
It is difficult (wont be possible) to be 100% accurate

We can choose to write requirements about the product according to what we actually what to do, so it can be on the infrastructure, on the interface delivery.

Send to Vultus:
Information about ourselves
Course information